Games
Freeze Tag
Sharks & Minnows
Red Light / Green Light
Clean Your Room

Drills
Pull backs / pull back relay

 

Numbers game -
Line the kids up on the sidelines, assign them equal numbers and then call them out number by number.
We did this but we should probably make two fields next time for smaller games. Its a big group to control for sure.
Relay races - 
A good one is to have them in two lines on each side of the goal. 
Race to the opposite end, around a cone and back towards the goal. 
When they get close roll a ball out in front of the goal and they can score it.
Buffalo hunter - Fun game like sharks and minnows. 
Create two lines of cones. 
Similar to sharks and minnows the kids have to go from one end to the other. 
Have the kids run (without a ball) from one end to the other end. 
To start only coaches line up outside of the cones and pass balls as the kids run by.
If a kid gets touched by a ball then they are "out" and go to the sidelines along with the coaches for the next round. 
Gradually more and more kids are on the outside passing balls at the remaining kids running through the center each round. 

Head or catch - Fun game for end of practice.
We might want two groups for this.
Super simple, have the kids get in a circle with the coach in the center. 
One by one toss the ball to each kid. 
While the ball is in the air tell them "Head" or "Catch". 
To start they will head the ball or catch it exactly like you say. 
Once that is too easy for them then they have to do the opposite of what you say (i.e. if you say Head they have to Catch the ball). 

World cup - 
Works best on a full size goal with one or two kids in the goal. 
All kids get into teams of 2v2. 
Each team chooses a country.
1v1's - 
Would probably want to have this as a separate drill with maybe half the kids. 
Create a super small field with two pug goals very close together. 
Coach rolls the ball out and the kids will go 1v1 against each other. 
If the ball goes past either side then that group is out and they go to the back of the two lines. 
Handball - 
Create a square field with two endzones. 
The kids are separated into teams. 
They can use their hands and pass the ball to one another but they cannot walk/move while they have the ball in their hands. They have to pass it. 
Italian PK’s - Good on a big Goal
Single line to shoot on goal, 
One shooter and one child in goal.
Person stays in goal until they save one or a person misses. 
If the person shooting doesnt score they get in goal.  
If the person in goal gets scored on 3 straight times they are out. 

Box Dribbling - Good warm up game
Start with the kids dribbling around in a box.
Every time the coach blows the whistle the kids have to do a small drill (like 5 toe touches, a pull back, a juggle, a trap etc).
After they do their small drill they continue dribbling around.

Zombie Coaches - 
Everyone has a ball, and are dribbling around in a fairly small circle or box.
The coaches are the zombies and walk around the circle trying to kick the balls out of it.
The coaches cannot run, they can only walk. 
If a kid’s ball gets kicked out then they are out.
We could either make them out until the next round or we could make them a zombie with the coaches (it’s tough to enforce the walking only rule here).



